# Convulational-Neural-Networks
In this part, you will design a simple CNN model along with your own convolutional network for a more realistic dataset -- MiniPlaces (Links to an external site.), again using PyTorch. Dataset  MiniPlaces is a scene recognition dataset developed by MIT. This dataset has 120K images from 100 scene categories. The categories are mutually exclusive. The dataset is split into 100K images for training, 10K images for validation, and 10K for testing.  Helper Code  We provide helper functions in train_miniplaces.py and dataloader.py, and skeleton code in student_code.py. See the comments in these files for more implementation details.  The original image resolution for images in MiniPlaces is 128x128. To make the training feasible, our data loader reduces the image resolution to 32x32. You can always assume this input resolution. Our data loader will also download the full dataset the first time you run train_miniplaces.py  Before the training procedure, we define the dataloader, model, optimizer, image transform and criterion. We execute the training and testing in function train_model and test_model, which is similar to what we have for HW6. Your implementation in this assignment might take one or two hours to run. We highly recommend to start working on this assignment early! In this homework, we will explore building deep neural networks, including Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), using PyTorch. Helper code is provided in this assignment and can be downloaded from this zip file   Download this zip file .  In this HW, you are still expected to use the Pytorch backend and virtual environment for programming where you can find the tutorials in HW6.
